watch it kid
ah froze your tracking paint I am so
sorry sir I I'll clean it up right away
oh don't worry about it i'll be mopping
the whole floor later what are you doing
here I saw that the the front door was
open and I thought maybe someone was
hurt
did you look I'll just be going you
won't be going anywhere
Wow
my name is Chris job I'm Ethan ever we
both went to film school together and
now we actually live together so what
you just saw is basically all we can
afford and it's not really a home movie
we did that pretty much all out of
pocket in one day and we have an awesome
team of people working on it we have
George fools who did all the concept art
that you see on the page and we have
Nate curto and effects guru working in
the Twin Cities doing all the creature
designs everything is going to be
physically handmade there's no computer
graphics at all and then there's Adam
Conrad and ben kelly who i met working
out some previous films we decided to do
the score live with real musicians who
loved this movie as much as we do we
don't want to make it if we can't if we
can't make it right so we've assembled
the team and now it's just about
executing it and now we just really need
to make the culmination of everything
we've been working on for like the past
year